[16.0][MIG] stock_picking_auto_create_lot_qty (#1567)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_auto_create_lot_qty/README.rst

    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-workflow-16-0/stock-logistics-workflow-16-0-stock_picking_auto_create_lot_qty
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Add a unique lot sequence for lots being created for every company

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Inventory > Master Data > Products*, select a product. #. Set
'Auto create lot' option, and set 'Create lot every' count of UoMs for
the products you need. #. Go the *Settings > Inventory > Stock Serial
Lot*. #. Press --> Sequences button to create/configure your lot
sequence for a company in 'ir.sequence' module. The default sequence is
'stock.lot.serial'. #. Once a sequence is created/updated select the

> stock lot sequence for the current company.

Reviewer: these still won't appear correctly on the web view, can you fix this?

Author: Thanks,I'll fix it

Usage
=====

To use this module you need to:

#. Go to *Inventory* tab of a product. #. Set a tracking option for this
product. #. Set 'Auto create lot'. #. Go to *Inventory > Incoming* and
create a new transfer. #. Validate picking without lot. #. If 'Only
multiples allowed' has been selected in the product, picking validation
will be blocked if qty received is not a multiple of the value set in

> the product.

Reviewer: these still won't appear correctly on the web view, can you fix this?

Author: I'll fix it

    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/tree/16.0/stock_picking_auto_create_lot_qty
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-workflow-16-0/stock-logistics-workflow-16-0-stock_picking_auto_create_lot_qty
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Add a unique lot sequence for lots being created for every company

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

> #. Go to a *Inventory > Master Data > Products*. #. Set 'auto create
> lot'option and set 'create lot every' count of uoms for the products you
> need.
> 
> Go the Settings / Inventory / Stock Serial Lot
> 
> Press --> Sequnces button to create/configure your lot sequence for a
> company in 'ir.sequnce' module. The default sequence is
> 'stock.lot.serial'. Once a sequence is created/updated select the stock
> lot sequence for the current company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Inventory > Master Data > Products*, select a product. 
#. Set 'Auto create lot' option, and set 'Create lot every' count of UoMs for the products you need.
#. Go the *Settings > Inventory > Stock Serial Lot*.
#. Press --> Sequences button to create/configure your lot sequence for a
company in 'ir.sequence' module. The default sequence is 'stock.lot.serial'. 
#. Once a sequence is created/updated select the stock lot sequence for the current company.
```

Usage
=====

To use this module you need to:

> #. Go to a *Product > Inventory tab*. #. Set a tracking option for this
> product. #. Set auto create lot. #. Go to *Inventory > Incoming* and
> create one. #. Validate picking without lot. #. If *Only multiples
> allowed* has been selected in product, picking validation will be
> blocked if qty received is not a multiple of the value set in product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Inventory* tab of a product. 
#. Set a tracking option for this product. 
#. Set 'Auto create lot'. 
#. Go to *Inventory > Incoming* and create a new transfer. 
#. Validate picking without lot. 
#. If 'Only multiples allowed' has been selected in the product, picking validation will be blocked if qty received is not a multiple of the value set in the product.
```
